Update OpenHands cloud docs with conversation persistence section (#7794)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/cloud/openhands-cloud.mdx

     - Pull requests: Read and write
     - Webhooks: Read and write
     - Workflows: Read and write

     Repository access for a user is granted based on:
     - Granted permission for the repository.
     - User's GitHub permissions (owner/collaborator).
   </details>

3. Click on `Install & Authorize`.

### Modifying Repository Access

You can modify repository access at any time by:
* Using the same `Select a GitHub project > Add more repositories` workflow, or
* Visiting the Settings page and selecting `Configure GitHub Repositories` under the `GitHub Settings` section.

## Conversation Persistence

- Conversations List – Displays only the 10 most recent conversations initiated within the past 10 days.
- Workspaces – Conversation workspaces are retained for 14 days.

> - Runtimes – Runtimes remain active ("warm") for 30 minutes. After this period, restarting a runtime may take 1–2 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Runtimes – Runtimes remain active ("warm") for 30 minutes. After this period, resuming a conversation may take 1–2 minutes.
```
